# Cross Site Scripting (XSS) Attack
CU Boulder Computer Science - Spring 2023 - Cyber Security Course Project
Abstract: Cross Site Scripting (XSS) is a type of vulnerability attack that allows attackers to inject malicious scripts into a recognized website or web application. These malicious scripts are executed when the user, or victim, visits the website, and unknowingly triggers them. In return, it allows the threat actor to steal the user’s data, cookies, sessions, and even take over the entire website, which can lead to critical security issues. In this project, we studied cross site scripting and demonstrated different types of this attack. We investigated several real examples from CVE entries which motivated us to work on this project. For the simulation purpose, we set up our testing lab on the Kali Linux operating system and exploited the Damn Vulnerable Web Application (DVWA). We started with performing a vulnerability scan for XSS using different automatic tools (such as OWASP Zap, XSpear and Nikto) to find out the potential XSS vulnerabilities. In this project our main target was to act as an attacker and hijack session and cookies of users on DVWA. We studied three types of XSS attacks: Reflected, Stored and DOM-based, and manually demonstrated them with our attacking payloads written in Javascripts. We attempted to breach three layers of security filters of DVWA, which are - low, medium and high, and exhibited ways to redirect sessions and cookies toward the attacker's Python http servers. Finally we analyzed the results of our exploitations and reported them elaborately. We concluded the report by recommending essential steps to prevent XSS attacks.
